[Music]
all right
let's have a little nap for half an hour
no i need you the next exercise
bunny hops remember bunny ears we go
forwards
we turn keep going bunny hops where's
that bell
everyone's bored of your bunny hops now
mate give it a rest
[Music]
you have one new message mel i hope
you're not just
lounging around feeling sorry for
yourself again
stop eating pizza and don't roll your
eyes at me
you're not bridgette jones
i am british
[Music]
when i was young
i never needed anyone
and making love was just for fun
those days are gone
living alone
i think of all the friends i've known
but when i die the telephone
nobody's home
[Music]
don't wanna be
sometimes i feel so insecure
[Music]
remains the cure
don't want to be
[Music]
wow
[Applause]
my
[Music]
look this iron bridget jones thing kind
of might have been cute when we were in
lockdown one but it's locked down six
now
you need to face the world you're right
i can do this
[Music]
that is a new low even for you and stop
rolling your eyes
[Music]
oh there goes the hernia ow that's gonna
shatter what remained of your pelvic
[Music]
floor